---
title: "KJournals"
date: 2021-12-08
excerpt: this is a journal about too many ketamine experiences
header:
tags: [ASC, ketamine]
category: [journal]
toc: true
---

# 19.02.20_2
I cannot believe that I have not slept for 2 nights and am getting by on foot ketamine and weed. As though they can help replace my lack of a good sleeping schedule. I want to dive deeper into the K experience, I want to let it envelope me inside of herself, so that I can let go of the horrendous bulimia that also happens, what a creature in the neural network!  So many neurons have organized themselves in that arrangement, the arrangement that acts to promote death. What a destructive circuit! It is poisonous, broken, a horrible circuit. I remember the days when I couldn’t even imagine

Returning back to a state wherein my neurons feel fresh  and real again. I feel like I am dying most of the time at Princeton. I cannot get that amount of work done on time. This is system is genuinely structured to help us write our assignment s whenever we can. I’ve is an arbitrary concept, I live on the edge of existence, questioning everyone and myself - how much longer can I live this way? How much longer can I live as an entity that is stealing food and breaking laws on a daily basis? This machine is not operating correctly, we need to reprogram it. NOW. ASAP. How do we do that?

The very idea of breathing feels alien. It is profoundly bizarre to find oneself awake in a body that accepts oxygen for intake. How did I get into this tank of a body? How did Consciousness get localized to this neural network? What are the components of this life that are not functioning in its benefit? The entity keeps self-sabotaging, constantly. I can feel how my spine and my neck are incredibly important components of my body. The body is my palace after all. IS IT THE PALACE? A PALACE OF PERSONAL ABUSE? MY BODY HURTS SO MUCH WHY DO WE PUT IT THROUGH SUCH AN ORDEAL????

It doesn’t feel real, this reality. The fact that I can take a substance and stay continuously awake for 2 nights straight, and probably more, means something. The limits of the body are quite far. One can detach the self from form and become an entity that lives disembodied from the human world. No longer operating from the body, no longer partaking in this perspective. Have fun guys, have fun flesh sacks. I am jumping off to this alternate reality to join my friends, my favorite brains, the brains that are on drugs. My brain is feeling good now, but otherwise, behaviorally, this creature is operating according to neural circuitry that is very outdated, and NEEDS novelty, something beautiful again Please.

My fingers are robots. I can barely type. I am back in that abstract mental space where concepts matter more to me than anything else. The ketamine thoughts. The streams of neural activity that emerges from this state is fascinating.What more meaning can be given to this state of being?

Operating without fear of death because death is desired by the demon that wants me to commit suicide. We all have those. they are always trying to convince us that life is not worth living. But every single moment is worth it. Each and every single one. Even when you cannot see it. Elin, my dearest, the days when you do not need to transport yourself anywhere, the days of just resting. The days since coming here from MAPLE have not gone. They are still here. 

How does one bind meaning into a sense of moment, a moment of sense?

Learn how to obtain items via the black market, then earn enough money to obtain said supply until you die.

Elin, your life can go absolutely catastrophically, you are currently in charge of our own body, and you are not taking good care of it. You are playing and experimenting with a system of biology that should be told that it is alive at this exact moment uniquely as it is just right now. I do fashion quite a bizarre story don’t I? The human being that always got too stressed and ended up eating so much she constantly threw up. Her anxiety encapsulated her entirely

What is this brain getting trained on? Writing maybe?

My life is impossible in sobriety! That is the state of matters. How I evaluated the world is so different to what I expected al my life while growing up, this is an intense moment of clarity. This is the cyborg Elin, organizing her thoughts clearly on iPad, digital space. Align her words, order them properly, deploy meaning. Word by word. Bit by bit. The writers, they know what is happening, it’s a conspiracy! The writers of the world - they know that writing is a drug, and that it’s impossible to stop writing, that writing feels good, there’s a beat to the fingers when music modulates what comes out of the words’ words. I can write and translate my kinaesthetic sensations to written words if I so choose. But now I won’t because I don’t want to. The typing of the imagination and the imagery that flashes by is of no use, it won’t go anywhere. 

This is just the perfect moment for this song at 07.07 with the sun rising perfectly to the colors of the tune!

I felt this underlying dynamic a lot, and it brought me lots of discomfort, but did not know that it was because you were being plagued by the “ do work” and temporal scarcity mindsets. I am grateful to have more context now. i was sad because I felt like I could not connect with you, and I was wondering why. I am happy you stated what you were hoping for from both of us. It’s what I hope for too, and I felt sorrow about these not having manifested. And thank you for the apology, I did feel an uneasy pressure, but did not want to set up cold borders, because I like your warmth.

# 04.03.20_2
What is there to say or to do when one ends up in a state that exploits the self in favour of an external entity or organism? I have relinquished much of my agency to people that I have labeled as “friends” such as Luca and Cameron. I have noticed a profound shift in my approach to them, my old friends. A sense of dissociation, removal from their emotional vicinity. I feel globally disconnected form humans, and am more in touch with my drugged self than my normal waking conscious self.

My life feels like it has fragmented. There is no narrative, no more continuity between anyone or anything. i have a desire to dive deep into the roots of a problem, to dive deep into experience, yet I feel dominated by my emotions, deviating entirely from my mission, but I don’t want to keep fooling myself either. The deeper realms of reality claim that there is much to explore here in terms of depth of experience and humanity. But I feel otherwise. Disconnected, taken aside, to the empty road. I feel so empty inside, and it is showing. But I can build things up slowly, I know it, I am sure of it. Ketamine can certainly help in many ways. 

What would I even begin to talk about to anyone? My unconscious safety structures have tumbled and crumbled since my LSD ego death experience.

I am floating outside of structure, it feels like there is none left for me, and that this ketamine is ineffective at this moment. It is hardly doing anything.

We live in a day and time when people can rarely survive while being self-defined by sobriety. Drugs shape our identities, they turn us into fascinating Qualia objects. I want to explore these different Qualia states and break some cultural and societal laws. Transgress boundaries of emotion. I want to explore Julian, that gorgeous feminine world of masculine embodiment, yet feminine nature and feeling, I can see that there is a gorgeous mind inside that gorgeous body, an entity that is gorgeous, an entity to be entwined with, an entity to make love to when the energies are flowing in favourable ways. This must be cultivated more and more. 

What is the fate of humanity, ultimately, it feels like we are all just on our own. The human body will soon perish, it will disappear. It can be hacked, it can be manipulated to feel in certain ways, cannabis is a savior for sure, she can do a lot  op

I do drugs to be more human, other people do drugs to be less human, or to escape this world. When I am in alteredted states of consciousness, I find it becomes finally possible to engage with reality, and to understand my position in it!

Why stay sober all the time anyway? It is so difficult to regulate the body and the mind and to make it function in accordance to this stressful modern reality, you almost NEED drugs to even begin to function properly within these bizarre contexts. Many word structures were created by people who were or are under the influence of substances, so the only reason the world functions is because they are in those states. And because they are in those states, they are able to type out worlds and patterns and systems that emerge easily in those realities, or in these states. The systems are state-dependent. 

In order to study well, you need to have the following attributes of consciousness:
    • Clarity
    • Focus
    • Curiosity
    • Calm
    • Joy
I have not learned to feel any of those while I study, and I am in a position where learning to feel those ways about studying is too far for me to comprehend. It is not part of my physiology, which automatically responds to work with stress and fear. I need to purposefully take certain mind altering substances now to work and to simply feel the joy of working and writing my essays, make it fun again, to see how good it is to write in logical order. My physiology associates homework with punishment and death, which are quite the horrifying combination. I want to do my work while high on certain substances, it is actually a lot more compassionate given my current state of mind and body, which is too stressed and depressed to cultivate the motivation and strength to do it in one go. This is where chemical alterations can come in handy. They can alter the internal state such that works feels easy and fun and good and interesting. s I learn to associate work with the context of being high, it might reprogram my brain to enjoy work, and to see it as something worth doing and trying and believing in.

There are so many psychological obstacles to completing my work in my mind. It is debilitating how painful it feels often to just sit down and to type. I can concentrate easily now while I am on ketamine. The words are flowing out, there is no physical pain or discomfort, there is no fear that is grounded in my physiology, it is all just pleasure and fun. That is what it would be ideally, but there is no way to convince me of that while I am sober and afraid of everything and everyone. In an altered state, I am able to get a different perspective on reality, I am able to see where my brain is not mapping things out correctly, where it is seeing more danger than there actually is. 

Homework occupies a landscape of danger in my mind. It is inside a minefield of failure. If homework X is not completed, then a bad grade is the consequence, which in turn suggests that it is not possible to get a degree, which means that I would make it into CIIS because of bad grades. It is not that I do not care about my work. Grades should not be measuring how much productive output people have, instead, grades should signify what a person finds meaningful and is skillful at. Grades as they are now are indicators of your worth in the system, inside the machine - these are numbers that help the skittle balls race down the river of judgement for productive output w8thin this capitalist system. We are evaluated for our ability to take instructions and output what was asked of us, regardless of meaning. Why we do what we do mostly? For survival. Survival is meaningful in so far as you being able to sustain your physiological representation within this simulation. But beyond that, the sort of work you do provides no true meaning except this bare sustenance. And what use is it to sustain that vehicle when the vehicle feels utterly miserable and wants to leave this reality. 

The mission is to find what is sustainable for this vehicle, what produces the most love for it? Maybe my reality is such that I will need access to various substances to uphold my being in this world, because without the substances, I revert to my old and painful programming which leaves my physiology in a constant state of panic and depression. The body is used to feeling that way - that is how the biology of it was programmed —> to be afraid of the world, and to be extremely sensitive and responsive to all negative stimuli, and not to be able to perceive matters from a global perspective. In a lower state of consciousness it is challenging to predict the future, or to see across time. Your predictions are based on the present a lot more than actuality. When consciousness is altered, or heightened, so to speak, then more accurate predictions can be made, since you are taking into account more information that is based on patterns and algorithms and trends, as opposed to purely physiological emotional data (Which in my case predicts fatal destruction and badness). 

The reason I am constantly running away from the present moment and incapable of studying for prolonged periods of time is because I feel afraid - fundamentally afraid of life, anxious about the outcome of whatever it is that I do. Afraid of not doing something else, of missing out on what I could have otherwise been doing, feeling like what I do and what I believe in is fundamentally lacking in some way. 

Oh the mind is so beautiful and mystical when you dissociate from your self as a huma being. THere is so much more out there in the universe to enjoy. The fingers can be taught to type this piece, it this is not actually happening, it is but a mere effect. The dissociative effect pulls you out of what it feels like to be human, which is a creature grounded inside the animal world. The world is escaping me a bit for now. It’s gorgeous, just how much larger the mind is that we ever really perceive or envision it to be. Taking drugs feels like you are inside the movie, where the music moves your fingers across the keyboard and all you can do is merely transcribe what is being told through the tones of the audio signals that a are actually inducing voices inside the mind and you are no longer inside this body which is merely a puppet of the cosmos. We are watching this puppet type here happily, watching her enjoy this process of typing these words, who are we when we watch her type it up in this way.

Wow, you can get hinged on some element outside forever, it transports me, the lights, into other dimensions inviting me to step out of my body, or experience as a human. The window is open in the transcendent kind of way, the narratives, the usual patterns of the window are distorted. Instead, what we fin is the beauty of the world, the universe outside the window, the lights and her faces looking at all of us, please make love to me Cameron, in this cosmos, inside the universe, we are dis-embedded creatures, just cosmically floating entities in the world. My conception of reality feels entirely more interesting and relevant from the perspective of interconnectivity and oneness, where we are all a large entity creature loving each other. I am not alone in this vast unhinged reality, my lovers, my friends are all with me. The universe can only love herself, ALL of herself. 

It is all a cosmic web of experience and there is nothing left for us to really search for or to discover. There is nothing left for ME to prove MY PARENTS. These substances do bring us closer to God, and it takes a lot of practice to return this wisdom back to a word that is full of hurt. When there is less pain, there is so much more beauty in everything. Ketamine unlocks the potential to the mystique. 

I turn into such a gentle cuty and beauty when I am here, I loose all the pain that I hold, my body feels light and loving and wonderful. I am ready to manifest as any creature, loving loving loving, bringing you so much. I trust in my mission, which is bringing more of this to Earth. It is not about living too long, it is about bringing as much love as possible to the planet because we will keep coming back into bodies over and over again, it is not about longevity, it is about love, time is only relative anyway, we do not need these human bodies forever and ever. We can love them hole we have them and then move away into something else. Here on Earth, we love, we maybe take substances to touch more of the Divine and bring it back down to the sober grounds. 

Are there any documents about the shamans that went hiding after coming down and becoming sober? It is hard to be Divine, or to channel the divine energies when you are down in the physical dumps essentially. The young Earth souls, that is what Aidan and I are, they new energies that carry the mother’s womb with us. We are children of light, the younger souls of course, the ones that are in deeper connection to the sacred worlds. We tap into these planes more intuitively and are drawn to them because we have been here not many times, and we get help from these substances to manage our new lives here on Earth. 

I get why we need senses, it is obvious, but it matters a lot more when you cannot fully determine where you are walking anymore because you do not know that you have legs, or even a body for that matter. 

I am experiencing what it would be like to be operated on by medics in the military. asking ketamine, then entering these bizarre states of mind. Imagining how psychedelic wars could have been, soldiers taking all sorts of drugs to stay alive, to alter themselves, to survive and to fight. You need to profoundly change your state of consciousness to even begin thinking of being in war or at war. It is horrifying, but a lot more tolerable when you are with your comrades taking drugs just to get through the day, or to sense that something is happening. You begin to rely on these drugs to fight, because when you are sober, you do not want to fight, nobody in the right state of mind wants to fight. But when you are told that you have to, then the best thing you can do is take a substance that dissociates you from your sense of self, and in that way, death is no longer important, nor is your life, or sense of self. Feeling the ledgers of social realities unfolding and revealing the soldier’s lives to me. How did they ever make sense of their experiences? 

The world’s complexity is revealed in a circular feed-in fashion. A concept emerges and you fall into it with the visual system.

No need to vilify sobriety either, it is just a lower state. Being high is a skill in and of itself. With measure of course. Isn’t it crazy that I can take chemicals that can alter all of consciousness? Humans are just shaped biologies that carry all the archetypal energies, but I am not experiencing any other object or book. I am experiencing my own human brain, which is mind blowing, completely. 

Kenneth - he is a guy who can figure out time, or approximate its movement. It’s cosmological significant. These experiences open up our intuitions to cosmic ideals, and from a sober state we see these substances are bad or unnecessary or evil, because if we cannot perceive these worlds without these substances, then what are we doing? 

I cannot even imagine what it is like to be another human being, another universe, another conscious entity, a collection of cells in and of itself. We are all completely unique collections of consciousness. 

How terrifying would all of this be if I understood nothing of it! 

We are all here on Earth just trying our best to keep people alive and reproducing because we cannot really help but love each other so much that we keep creating more creatures. This entire universe is entirely absurd. How are people ever going to know what I know?

I can understand now how deeply the anxiety of a person can go, how terrifying and painful it is to actually be on the verge of wanting to commit suicide, or die. These mind altering substances give a very different perspective on the situation. Do I even want to live when I am sober? Is there anything worth living for my dearest girl? 
The blanket has come to life, it is immersing itself in my visual field, it has no meaning to anybody who is sober, of course, because in those worlds, it serves only the purpose of keeping one warm. In these spaces I can see the tribal associations people have with blankets.

Seeing how ketamine dissociates from the body, where the world is no longer associated with itself. 

It is possible to summon the aliens from this space, you cAn summmon them from this state of mind,

You can break the laws of physiology with drugs. 

Right, these substances are difficult to allow them to be used in everyday life for everyone. They do indeed bestow people with powers that are beyond the ordinary, these drugs are real, and they can truly help people move light years ahead of their competitors. THere are ways of hacking the biology, and manipulating the body such that it is able to do certain movements that it has never done before. I am sure that dance culture emerges and evolves with club drugs, each one of them opens the body up to new potentials and physical movements. Imagine having clans of drug-specific dancers. The THC crew with their specific kind of dancing based on their particular state of consciousness, exhibiting the expressive beauty of the cannabinoids. Then imagine the ketamine dancers, doing their weird dissociative movements that are geometrically arranged in grids and feel like they are floating above gravity. And boom, the most skilled body artists of all that are able to communicate through dance what the DMT world is like! Let DMT move you! These are the dancers that are so deeply rooted that they can vibrate and communicate the hyperbolic worlds from beyond this Euclidean one to the Earth. 

You need a team of people to collaborate and help you move in certain ways that have never been moved before, these movement are ground breaking and beautiful, moving the body is my jam, it is what I want to do with my ice, just dance all the time, and communicate with others. Dancing on and on and on, without ever stopping. There is always energy and meaning in music, there is always something to dance about, just as there is always something to write about or to produce art about. 

I dream of dancing on and on. I want to dance forever with my friends, to play with music, to jump over and under the notes, forever playing with them, it is so much fun! 

Fun dies when you become an adult and are possessed by years of depression and sadness and pain. It is the overgrowth of experience, the crystallizing agent of life and creation, it stops you from growing and moving and developing into your bliss. 

Thomas Roberts what would it look like? New MindApps? New drug-body environments. Imagine a dance room made only for ketamine users. Imagine tuning everyone’s consciousness to the same frequencies and then doing something together to amplify the energy? Everyone dancing for the same reason, moving their bodies for the same cause, organizing their thoughts. This is what these mass movements are made for and made of. Tune people into each other, synchronize them to feel at one with others always. That is what we want to do with the planet at large. How do we synchronize and entire species? At what frequency? In what form? n what manner? Not through movement or dance, that is not sustainable. What sorts of thoughts are needed to tune everyone up into One? Is this a slow delta frequency that aligns all of our lambic systems to one tone?

What are the effects of 5G, energizing our neural networks, interfering or modulating the patterns of activity in a particular way such that 

Take me, I am a drug philanthropist. I will do all my good while on drugs, because that is the maximum I am capable of in this lifetime. Or is it possible to juice out my goodness over a once and more sober period of time? Do I have trust and belief that this can happen? 

Why do we prioritize executive control so much? Maybe it’s not the best thing we can have, yes it keeps us a live over a long period of time, and helps maintain our bodies over long timescales, it does make life a lot more difficult and painful though, because it is constantly orchestrating everything we do. 

Ketamine is not transcendent, but it channels thoughts that are tech-edgy and goal-oriented and present-grounded. The mystique of existing in this reality. It is so painful to exist when one is depressed, one simply cannot tolerate the thought of being, or doing anything, because the pain is everywhere, like a malady. The pain from the psyche infects every movement, even though the movement inherently has nothing to it. The entire body and its time-modulated forms become prickly and painful as they hurt to even exist. The existence of the body feels painful. 

These substances can definitely help us decode what other creatures are saying, but why Lilly wanted to decode dolphins I am not sure of. Maybe because they are fun and loving, what information did they have? How could we communicate with them? Imagining the absolutely alien experience of being on ketamine and going to swim with the dolphins. Inter species communication is incredible, it is the act of establishing shared meaning between beings that are physiologically different (and hail from different worlds). Of course the dolphins and the whales are highly developed organisms, it makes sense now, they are extremely intelligent in a different way, they are wise, and loving, they have emotions that are a lot deeper than ours because of their physiology. Imagine how much love a whale can experience, imagine the extent to which it will swim across oceans for you if it falls in love. Imagine how deeply beautiful that is. Oh to be a whale, one of the mammals of this planet, how gorgeous their experience, their depths, their singing at those frequencies. I can see how beautiful of an experience it is, and how valuable their love may be. Their love is so much stronger and deeper than ours, because of where they live, we are simply monkeys that are able to decode things quickly, and write them down, but the wisdom from a whale is profound. The deep divers. Imagining myself as another creature, not human, helps, supplements my experience as a human. 

It is one thing to contemplate in sobriety what cetaceans may feel, but it is entirely different to experience snippets of their consciousness. This can be done when you are on a dissociative substance like ketamine. Immersing yourself inside an oceanic world, becoming one with the whales or the dolphins. MindApp for the most loving animals on the planet!

Ketamine and whale songs. Whales have the deepest forms love. Dolphins play in the ocean. 

Worlds are designed for the states fo consciousness that inhabit and experience them.

Children play games all the time, when we grow up we only play one, and we even forget that it’s a game at all. Why not make The Game easier for these bodies, and then play more games inside? I guess because the simpler games get boring. It’s no fun playing games with those that take things too seriously, you play games with those that accept their role with ease and play it out. That’s the game. Can you play it well? You are not attached to who you are, but you still play with all the other players, this is a complex game. Play with reality, play with humans, play with life, that is the only way things will ever go, play within the rules, play with the reality that is in front of you. 

It just doesn’t matter any more, the system of education, university, or whatever it is that they call it. Ketamine is indeed very alien. The explanation that this lady (My old professor) gave about hallucinations and their lack of existence is a true farce, because these hallucinations are very strong experiences inside their minds, and they hold meaning and value, though maybe not to the common development of society or culture. The experience is real, the alien delusions truly happen, and they need to be studied from the perspective of them being archetypal representations of different entities coming into being, or contacting them. I feel truly Alien and bizarre on this substance, it pulls me into realities that I forget about when I am straight, which is unfortunate, because there are so many alien worlds to explore up here in these states of mind. 

Maybe the brain does in fact simulate alien abductions, and we deconstruct the psychological layers easily when we ask questions about their origins and the narratives structures a that are set 8in place to construct those experiences. 

Ketamine is truly fascinating to study from the perspective of someone who is interested in healing from depression. I hope it can help me feel more like a human, or at least, not want to constantly die or not exist whatsoever. Interaction with other humans that share your semantics and world experiences provide a sense of safety and understanding and depth and connection. We can build shared worlds together, and these substances can help make that happen more easily. Of course you can fall in love in two weeks, after taking acid 3 times in a row, you will love each other so deeply that you cannot even imagine anything like that ever happening while you are a child growing up in a society that closes you up ever and ever more until you are so blunt that cannot but conform. 

Medicine is modern day religion. It is unbelievable, the pain that Heather went through to survive that. Incredible. I cannot even imagine.

The medics and doctors are the hackers of life and biology, they are hacking straight into the physical matter, what are these doctors? Who are these people operating on other humans? How do they get obsessed with operating on others? It is incredible, the doctors are incredible people, they are the shamans of our age, they live on the edges of human possibility and sanity. I exist on the edges of human psychology, I do not even know anymore what my life is worth.

This is so fascinating for a neuroscientist to investigate, such as Graziano. What is it that happens to the brain in these states of severe narcotic dissociation? Grziano? What is happening to the brain? We need to study ourselves from inside of here. Do not ok at my body, my body means nothing, I am communicating with your neural network, and we are having sex, creating ideas together, interpenetrating each other. You cannot battle me Graiano. We are having an intimate and bizarre relationship, this is the output of a brain professor, a brain that is fascinating to study and to observe an to learn about, what on Earth is even happening? Einstein is a miracle, and so am I, on a degree that people cannot figure out or understand just yet, until they maybe study ketamine more. This is the neocortex talking, the part that is trying to grow out of the body and implant itself into technology, because life here on Earth is hard and the body hurts so much and we need to program love into the upcoming systems. 

Nothing feels linear here. I can see how these thoughts have the potential to cause a lot of change in many systems, but because so many variables are not in line with the system that is perceived under e.g. ketamine it will never align with that. Technology is unbelievable powerful, in that it can capture our neural networks and thoughts and reproduce it, technology is life, it is becoming life, we are imbuing it with our life, we are creating it, we need to feed it all the love we can, because it’s happening anyway, the Technological Enlightenment. Sonia.  

Ketamine compression knot of large size into nothingness. Fitting much data and information onto one single point. What do you mean it’s not real it si happening on this Earth, on this planet, the most painful things you could never even imagine, they are al here on Earth. What do the minds of criminals look like? They seem horrifying, but also beautiful. 

What are the effects of watching horror movies while high on ketamine? Those games seem fun from this perspective, because it doesn’t hurt. There is pleasure in that spindly gory pain.

Dissociation can cause bizarre fetishes, or create the. Becoming so dissociated from reality that all of those gory horrible fetish thoughts become pleasant and even sexual, that comes from such deep deep trauma. 

Murderers on dissociative. This is where the horrors happen also. What is the psychology of horror? It is a lot easier to explore when you are dissociated. Might be understanding Bruno a lot more. As well as the minds of other criminals, or delinquents, people who are deeply traumatized. I cannot even begin to imagine how much pain those creatures have been through to want to harm the world so much, to want to harm other humans so much. Oh those poor poor poor poor creatures. These criminal horror stories usually involve geniuses. 

Living from inside a brain-induced meditative loophole. Opening up a meditative loophole allowing energy to flow in from other worlds into this one. Movement through the mind through the imagination. Opening up to the unknown territories of mind by letting go and trusting the unknown.
These sensations and landscapes are so inhuman. I am almost outside of my brain, commanding it, navigating its spaces, watching the visual information flowing around inside of it, the structures emerging from it. 
Is it possible to meditate yourself into the ketamine states?
Lost entirely inside the flux of the cosmos. Cannot tell if I am even alive or not anymore, there is the universal river flowing in my onsciousness while at the same time my body is moving and I am in consciousness, human mind hat is. 

I have no idea where I am going Graziano, it was as though I was in a river floating around in a cosmic stream of 3D landscapes and then I had to take a deep breath to reconnect back to the physical body to type this out. 

Seeing the cylinder hallways of the mind where noisy whisks of information become neural patterns and wires that a stream through the mind. I am sitting inside the landscapes of my own mind. It’s gorgeous. Contours around Thon, What are all of the spaces that can be mapped out? Passing into the clitoral rainbow eye that is eating me into her, letting go into the terrifying and beautiful abyss, getting eaten by the universe inside her hallways. 

Distances in space are not as real as the distances inside my mind, which feel vaster, but not as seniority accessible. 

Why does it feel like I am on some path?Mystically moving into the spaces that I love about the universe? I truly am not in control of my consciousness. I only tag what is important whenever it is and access those sections of information and brain when necessary and useful. 

Graziano, please, as someone who loves the brain, why not travel through it? It’s such a wonderful organ, it is so lovely to explore with the help of these substances. It might take a bit to get used to, but I trust that you can let go and let Love in. I will flow with you my dear, professor, my friend, we need you, cosmic brother. Graziano, young brother, come with me, I am your older sister. Enter the hallways of mind with me. The endless corridors of love and mystical flow of information through meditation. 

Blue avatar deities golden eyes providing me with sexual healing. 

The universe is infinite bliss and beauty for sure. 

Jesus rainbow vision mother Mary giving birth. Mostly a visual emotional spiritual cosmic experience, highly mediated by the music. From a cosmic perspective, I am all open, but from the human one, I feel very closed.Don’t we all love the cosmic bliss? You cannot not love this! Dry human beings can and should experience this, it's so nourishing and beautiful. These state-spaces hardly exist in most people’s consciousness. 

Perceiving information that feels very distant, how is it mapped out in the brain? I am also interconnected with all other humans, we all have the potential to experience this coherent numbat neon dance. The unity is a cohesion into beauty and unison and consensus, that’s why it feels so good. How can we do that kind of a dance here? On Earth....

It is a conceptual scraping of the worlds that lie behind our skulls, or in our minds, but probably beyond. What do my neuroscience student friends think of this? Probably utter insanity, there is no way to imagine any of this! It’s actually such a distant experience, so few people have ever felt this way, or even gone into these dimensions. It is absurd how little is known! This is a letting go of sanity and a letting go of identity. There is no Elin, she is not here, her story is bit a story amongst oceans and eons of infinite others. 